Remove neighbour as an interpolation method (#6537)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/6537.removal.rst

> :meth:`sunpy.image.resample` no longer accepts "neighbour" as an interpolation method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:meth:`sunpy.image.resample` no longer accepts "neighbour" as an interpolation method.
Use "nearest" instead.
```

> :meth:`sunpy.image.resample` will no longer accept "neighbour" as an interpolation method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:meth:`sunpy.image.resample` no longer accepts "neighbour" as an interpolation method.
```
